With --probabilistic mlocarna will compute pairwise match
probabilities for all your input sequences.  These probabilities are
for base matches *and* for base pair matches.  They are technically
defined as probability of such a match in the Boltzmann ensemble of
alignment/consensus structure pairs.

For constructing the multiple alignment mlocarna will perform a
progressive alignment using MEA (maximum expected accuracy) alignments
in each step.

The main benefit for multiple alignment is that in probabilistic you
can use probabilistic consistency transformation (flag
--consistency-transformation), which will improve the alignment
accuracy a la ProbCons/ProbAlign.

I used the following call of mlocarna for good performance and speed
on the Bralibase 2.1 benchmark set (assuming that in.fa contains your
inut sequences). 

mlocarna --probabilistic --consistency-transformation --max-diff-match=60 --mea-beta 400 in.fa --tgtdir out

[ --max-diff-match restricts |k-i| for matches of i and k, --mea-beta
controls the influence of structure in the mea alignments ]

mlocarna in probabilistic mode with consistency-transformation should
be more accurate. Because computation is more involved it is slightly
slower than in non-probabilistic mode.

The program writes the multiple alignment to out/results/result.aln
and the base match probabilities to out/probs/bmprobs and the arc
match probabilities to out/probs/bmprobs

The pairwise match probabilities are used for computing reliabilities
for the multiple alignment. results/result.bmreliability contains a
confidence/reliability for each alignment column. A line consists of
<column> <sequence reliability> <structural reliability>.  Sequence
and structural reliability are for base match and base pair match
respectively and are defined to be exclusive.
results/result.amreliability contains reliabilities for base pairs in
the consensus structure.

Reliabilities can show local alignment quality and are therefore
visualized as reliability profiles (Utils/reliability-profile.pl).

The probabilities in the files in results/single_amreliabilities are
projections of arc match reliabilities to single sequences and are
reliabilities that a base pair exists in this sequence and is aligned
to other base pairs in the alignment. So, it's kind of a structure
prediction for each single sequence in the context of the
alignment. In particular this feature is not very well studied yet.

